# Denis-Cybersecurity-portfolio
Cybersecurity portfolio

A short intro:
I am an intelligence-driven cybersecurity analyst. I transitioned into the cyber community in 2022 from the intelligence community while I was serving in the United States Air Force at Fort Meade, Maryland. Prior to being assigned to a Cyberspace Operations Squadon, I served in an intelligence squadron where I identified and performed target development on high-value military targets employing advanced weapon systems across multiple areas of operations. I conducted language translation, performed quality control of translations and led an analysis and reporting team and a target development team that tracked and reported on weapon system deployments and activities, TTPs, and personnel rotations. Prior to being in the intelligence community, i was an F-15 fighter avionics technician, which was my first job when i joined the Air Force in 2007.

I became interested in cybersecurity when i transferred to a cyber operations squadron in late 2022. I was motivated by the Ukraine war and wanted a more active role in the fight against our enemy, a target that i have hunted while i was doing tradtional intelligence work.  When i transferred to the cyberspace operations squadon, i was amazed by our cyber operations against the enemy and wanted to learn more on how the magic worked. I helped CNMF disrupt enemy supply chains, guided cyber operators through enemy networks, performed technical language translations which produced network intelignece and identified vulnerabilities which enabled further cyber operations. While doing all of these things, i realized i knew very little and i asked to receive additional cyber training. My unit granted me SANS Training in 2023 and i fell in love with this cyber line of work. 

A reflection on your CTF experience:
My very first NCL CTF competition was the Fall 2025 and it was very positive and i was amazed how well i placed, considering how it is my very first CTF. I ranked 1466 out of 7873 participants (top 18%) in the individual game and 223 out of 4214 teams in the team game. (top 5%). see cyberskyline.com/report/M0D71NF43W8P and cyberskyline.com/report/BDM0PUC9PWAN for verification. I did the best in forensics, password cracking and open source intelligence. The password cracking and forensics were a direct reflection of my SANS training. I also did very well in the log analysis portion where i was able to use various log parsing tools within bash to analyze web servers logs and identify malicious activity.

One or more highlights from your CTF participation

One of my favorite accomplishments during my CTF participation was the password cracking portion. I was given a list of password hashes for an organization that had a unique password policy. I tried to use the default hashcat rules file "best 66" rules and saw that i did not work. As a result, i created my own rules file that took into account the organizations unique password policy. The rules file that i created was able to crack the password hashes. Additionally, there was another password challege that required the creation of custom wordlist. I was able to find a wikipedia page and used the CeWL commmand to extract that words into the custom wordlist and i was able to successfully crack the passwords with this custom wordlist. 
